interview-questions.md, before:

# ASSESSMENT 1: Tech Interview Practice Questions

Answer the following questions.

First, without external resources. Challenge yourself to answer from memory as if you were in a job interview. Tip: if you don't know the answer try answering a simpler version of the question.

Then, research the question to expand on your answer. Even if you feel you have answered the question completely, there is always something more to learn. Write your researched answer in your OWN WORDS.

Type your initials here to confirm you read the instructions:

INSTRUCTOR EXAMPLE: What is a conditional statement?

Your answer:

Researched answer:

1. What is git? What is the difference between git and Github?

Your answer:

Researched answer:


2. What is the difference between an array's index and its value?

Your answer:

Researched answer:

3. Compare and contrast arrays and strings. Please include ways in which they are the same and ways in which they are different.

Your answer:

Researched answer:

4. STRETCH: What are the four pillars of object oriented programming?

Researched answer:

## Looking Ahead: Terms for Next Week

Research and define the following terms. Hint: use the syllabus!

1. Higher-order Functions:

2. Jest:

3. Objects:

Commit message:

completed assessment with fillout answers and functioning code

interview-questions.md, after:

# ASSESSMENT 1: Tech Interview Practice Questions

Answer the following questions.

First, without external resources. Challenge yourself to answer from memory as if you were in a job interview. Tip: if you don't know the answer try answering a simpler version of the question.

Then, research the question to expand on your answer. Even if you feel you have answered the question completely, there is always something more to learn. Write your researched answer in your OWN WORDS.

Type your initials here to confirm you read the instructions: KK (SK)

INSTRUCTOR EXAMPLE: What is a conditional statement?

Your answer:

Researched answer:

1. What is git? What is the difference between git and Github?

Your answer: Git is a stand alone, open source software for programmers and developers. GitHub is the GUI for Git, tracking changes in an online platform. Git is strictly on local machines and GitHub is on remote or on the internet.

Researched answer: Git is a distributed version control system that tracks changes in computer files, usually used for coordinating work among programmers collaboratively developing source code during software development. (Source: en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Git) Git is a version control system that allows developers to track changed in their code. GitHub is a web-based hosting service for git repositories. (Sourse: blog.hubspot.com)


2. What is the difference between an array's index and its value?

Your answer: An index is a position inside of an array. Index start with a 0. Value is each element that is actual data including the data type. 

Researched answer: Array indexing is used to access values in an array. And array indexing can also be used for assigning values of an array. Where value is the new value going into the array and index is the location the new value will occupy. (Source: problemsolvingwithpython.com)

3. Compare and contrast arrays and strings. Please include ways in which they are the same and ways in which they are different.

Your answer: arrays store a list of values stored in a variable. Elements inside an array are stored in []. Each value is accessed inside the list individually and perfrmed actions with each value. Strings are primitive data types in which the information is stored in "". They are the same in that data is stored in them but they are different with the fact that arrays are a list and strings are solely singular.

Researched answer: An array is a data structure that includes a collection of elements with the same data type, whereas a string is a collection of characters.  (Source: unacademy.com )

4. STRETCH: What are the four pillars of object oriented programming?

Researched answer: According to DataTrained.com the four pillars of OOP is abstraction, encapsulation, inheritance, and polymorphism.
Answers are from a collection of websites:
Abstraction is when a programmer hides all but the relevant data about an abject to reduce complexity and increase efficiency.
Encapsulation is the bundling of data and methods operating on this data into one unit. 
Inheritance is where you can derive a class from another class to create a hierarchy of classes that share a set of attributes and methods
Polymorphism described situation in which something occures in several different forms. 
(what this all means I have no idea but it sounds good.)

## Looking Ahead: Terms for Next Week

Research and define the following terms. Hint: use the syllabus!

1. Higher-order Functions: a built-in method that takes a function as an argument; they opertate on arrays and execute once for every item in the array. 

2. Jest: A Javascript testing framework. This framework uses a collection of files called dependencies which contains snippets of code functionality and a package manager that will install and manage the dependencies as well as giving terminal commands to execute the tests.

3. Objects: A JavaScript Data type that has a collection of key:value pairs. Objects can contain static information as well as actions in the form of methods.
